All right, so your job is,
I got this really obnoxious version of
the kind of alert that we made before.
And like I was showing before,
there might be much more subtle ones
that you might have a bunch of cards and
a carousel or something like that, that
you want some number of changes to happen.
I decided that taste wasn't in
my interest at this moment,
that I wanted the most egregious thing
I could come up with at the time.
So yeah, we want something kind of
extreme here where the button changes and
everything as well.
So you can grab this one down here.
There's a solution hiding with
one of those detail summary,
things I was telling you about before.
And you're gonna go take it for
a spin, take about five minutes, and
then we'll kinda just very
quickly look at it together.
And then if there are interesting ideas
somebody has on dumb things that we
could do, I'm here for it.
Let's do the actual test get hand first,
which is just to kinda use the group.
And if you had ideas for how to also put
a peer in here, I'm here for it as well.
And so what we can do is we're gonna say
that the group is this top one right here.
And I could also give that
one its own hover, right?
Separate from everything else.
And I haven't talked about gradients yet.
But since we already had a fun
bonus gradient in the beginning,
I now feel like it is fair game for
me to use gradient, so I'm going to.
So I'm gonna say bg-gradient.
Which ones of these make me happy?
Let's do to-top right.
What could possibly go wrong?
So we'll say, top right and
we'll say from-purple-400
to-purple-100, love it.
Okay, that doesn't look too bad.
That was pretty good, I'm into it.
And so then what we wanna do is,
okay, we wanna also change
the border while we're at it.
So we'll say hover:border.
I want a nice darker border too.
Okay, great.
This button now, this button
we're gonna change that as well.
Forget what else was in the other
one that we wanted to change,
but I think we wanna change
some of the font colors here.
So it's tricky cuz I didn't pick a dark
enough color to justify that, so
let's actually make this 800.
So that I really need to, right?
There's no contrast there.
So we'll make this 600 or 800.
And now we've gotta do some things here.
So, yeah, I can basically, for whatever I
wanna change here as well, I can do that.
I'm gonna do slightly different things
than was in the solution that's there
cause you can look at that solution too.
So here I could say, this one is
using a border of the current and
the hover is purple-300,
and that changes there.
But I wanna change that background there.
Cool, so let's do that,
we'll say, group-hover.
And I don't wanna give it, I'm gonna say,
I'm gonna try to redeem myself
here where we'll do a purple.
It's kinda dark, I think 400, and
we're gonna give it that slash to make
it a little bit, give us some opacity.
Now that we already got that
cool gradient in the background,
which probably isn't enough at that
point to do it, but we're here for it.
So group-hover,
I'm gonna make that a little bit lighter.
And we can change stuff
like the text as well.
You get the basic idea, so you can have
stuff that's now, like you're not doing
a bunch of JavaScript, you're not
adding classes all over the place.
You're not hoping the cascade works in
your favor and all of those things,
you can kind of have a little bit
more control over these things.
There's nothing wrong with the cascade,
the cascade works, as we could see.
But generally speaking,
then you get into specificity issues when
those child classes have their own colors
that are technically more
specific than the cascade.
And next thing you know,
you've lost an afternoon, right?
And so with Tailwind,
we don't have to lose an afternoon.
We'll say text is,
we can move on with our lives and
go back to doing really cool stuff.